Prevent nested tables style leaks (#30466)
twbs/bootstrap: site/content/docs/4.3/content/tables.md

      <td>@twitter</td>
    </tr>
  </tbody>
</table>
{{< /highlight >}}

<div class="bd-example">
  <table class="table table-dark">
    <thead>
      <tr>
        <th scope="col">#</th>
        <th scope="col">First</th>
        <th scope="col">Last</th>
        <th scope="col">Handle</th>
      </tr>
    </thead>
    <tbody>
      <tr class="table-active">
        <th scope="row">1</th>
        <td>Mark</td>
        <td>Otto</td>
        <td>@mdo</td>
      </tr>
      <tr>
        <th scope="row">2</th>
        <td>Jacob</td>
        <td>Thornton</td>
        <td>@fat</td>
      </tr>
      <tr>
        <th scope="row">3</th>
        <td colspan="2" class="table-active">Larry the Bird</td>
        <td>@twitter</td>
      </tr>
    </tbody>
  </table>
</div>

{{< highlight html >}}
<table class="table table-dark">
  <thead>
    ...
  </thead>
  <tbody>
    <tr class="table-active">
      ...
    </tr>
    <tr>
      ...
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <th scope="row">3</th>
      <td colspan="2" class="table-active">Larry the Bird</td>
      <td>@twitter</td>
    </tr>
  </tbody>
</table>
{{< /highlight >}}

## How do the variants and accented tables work?

> For the accented tables ([striped rows](#striped-rows), [hoverable rows](#hoverable-rows) and [active tables](#active-tables)), we used some techniques to make these effects work for all our [table variants](#variants):

Author: Didn't know this was a thing, thanks!

      <td>@mdo</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td colspan="4">
        <table class="table mb-0">
          <thead>
            <tr>
              <th scope="col">Header</th>
              <th scope="col">Header</th>
              <th scope="col">Header</th>
            </tr>
          </thead>
          <tbody>
            <tr>
              <th scope="row">A</th>
              <td>First</td>
              <td>Last</td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
              <th scope="row">B</th>
              <td>First</td>
              <td>Last</td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
              <th scope="row">C</th>
              <td>First</td>
              <td>Last</td>
            </tr>
          </tbody>
        </table>
      </td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <th scope="row">3</th>
      <td>Larry</td>
      <td>the Bird</td>
      <td>@twitter</td>
    </tr>
  </tbody>
</table>
</div>

{{< highlight html >}}
<table class="table table-striped">
  <thead>
    ...
  </thead>
  <tbody>
    ...
    <tr>
      <td colspan="4">
        <table class="table mb-0">
          ...
        </table>
      </td>
    </tr>
    ...
  </tbody>
</table>
{{< /highlight >}}

## How nesting works

> To prevent **any** style from leaking to nested tables we worked with the child combinator (`>`). Since we needed to target all the `td`s and `th`s in the `thead`, `tbody` and `tfoot`, our selector would look pretty long. Therefor we use the rather odd looking `.table > :not(caption) > * > * ` selector to target all `td`s and `th`s of the `.table` and not a nested table. Note: if you add `<tr>`s as direct children of a table, those `<tr>` will be wrapped in a `<tbody>` by default and therefor making the selector work.

Reviewer: Love this explanation overall!

```suggestion
To prevent _any_ styles from leaking to nested tables, we use the child combinator (`>`) selector in our CSS. Since we need to target all the `td`s and `th`s in the `thead`, `tbody`, and `tfoot`, our selector would look pretty long without it. As such, we use the rather odd looking `.table > :not(caption) > * > * ` selector to target all `td`s and `th`s of the `.table`, but none of any potential nested tables.

Note that if you add `<tr>`s as direct children of a table, those `<tr>` will be wrapped in a `<tbody>` by default, thus making our selectors work as intended.
```
